The Internet is not for sissies. -- Paul Vixie
It’s possible that I understand better what’s going on, or it’s equally possible that I just think I do. -- Russ Cox
Only the mediocre are always at their best. -- Jean Giraudoux
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Inspiration does exist, but it must find you working. -- Pablo Picasso
Night time is really the best time to work. All the ideas are there to be yours because everyone else is asleep. -- Catherine O'Hara
If you wind up with a boring, miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest, or some guy on TV telling you how to do your shit, then YOU DESERVE IT. -- Frank Zappa
Man is condemned to be free. Condemned, because he did not create himself, yet, [he] is free; because, once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does. -- Jean Paul Sartre, Existentialism is a Humanism
If you don’t know where you are going, every road will get you nowhere. -- Henry Kissinger
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it. -- Alan Perlis
Him that I love, I wish to be free – even from me. -- Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Committees do harm merely by existing. -- Freeman Dyson
Mas vale solo que mal acompañado; Quien dice `mas vale solo ke mal acompañado' es porke nunca a estado solo; Si estas mal acompañado estas mas solo ke nunca – Lanas
There are some ideas so wrong that only a very intelligent person could believe in them. -- George Orwell
It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance. -- Thomas Sowell
The chief cause of problems is solutions. -- Eric Sevareid
Above all, don’t fear difficult moments. The best comes from them. -- Nobel Laureate Rita Levi Montalcini, on the occasion of her 100th birthday
Sufficiently advanced political correctness is indistinguishable from sarcasm. -- Erik Naggum
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent full of doubt. -- Bertrand Russell
Fanaticism consists in redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -- Santayana
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -- George Bernard Shaw
We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones. -- La Rochefoucauld
The opposite of courage is not cowardice, it’s conformity. -- John Perry Barlow
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. -- Andy Warhol
For every 10 people who are clipping at the branches of evil, you’re lucky to find 1 who’s hacking at the roots. -- Thoreau
Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears. -- Marcus Aurelius
The noblest way of taking revenge on others is by refusing to become like them. -- Marcus Aurelius
Security is mostly a superstition. […] Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. -- Helen Keller
If you obey all the rules, you will miss all the fun. -- Katharine Hepburn
If you’re the smartest person in the room, go look for a room with smarter people in it. -- kevinpet in hackernews
Curiosity is insubordination in its purest form. -- Vladimir Nabokov
A good leader is someone whose troops will follow him, if only out of curiosity. -- Gen. Colin Powell
Eventually, I decided that thinking was not getting me very far and it was time to try building. -- Rob Pike, “The Text Editor sam”
“It’s better to be lucky than smart, but it’s easier to be smart twice than lucky twice.” -- Seen by Henry Spencer on a button at the World Science Fiction Convention
One must still have chaos in one to give birth to a dancing star. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. -- John F. Kennedy
A witty saying proves nothing. -- Voltaire
The future is here. It’s just not evenly distributed yet. -- William Gibson
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving. -- Lao Tzu
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after. -- Anne Morrow Lindbergh
To argue with a person who has renounced the use of reason is like administering medicine to the dead. -- Thomas Paine
One is never so dangerous as when he’s utterly convinced he is right. -- John Perry Barlow
Give me six lines written by the most honorable of men, and I will find an excuse in them to hang him. -- Cardinal Richelieu
Some people never go crazy, What truly horrible lives they must live. -- Charles Bukowski
Be kind, for everyone is fighting a hard battle. -- Ian MacLaren
Sometimes the appropriate response to reality is to go insane. -- Philip K. Dick
Your mind is credulous enough to believe any narrative you feed it. Choose wisely. -- Stephen Sadowski
I like offending people because I think people who get offended should be offended. -- Linus Torvalds
Morality is doing what’s right regardless of what you’re told. Obedience is doing what you’re told regardless of what is right. -- Unknown
Why do I always parody? Neither in life nor in writing can I achieve complete sincerity. -- William S. Burroughs
It’s possible for good people in badly designed systems to perpetrate acts of great evil completely unthinkingly. -- Ben Goldacre
Good artists copy; great artists steal. -- Pablo Picasso
An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way. -- Charles Bukowski
Art produces ugly things which frequently become more beautiful with time. Fashion, on the other hand, produces beautiful things which always become ugly with time. -- Jean Cocteau
Buscad la belleza. Es la única protesta que merece la pena en este asqueroso mundo. -- Ramón Trecet
The biggest secret to winning in the marketplace is choosing very incompetent competitors. -- Bram Cohen
The first lesson of economics is scarcity: There is never enough of anything to satisfy all those who want it. The first lesson of politics is to disregard the first lesson of economics. -- Thomas Sowell
Economics is the painful elaboration of the obvious. -- Unknown
A study of economics usually reveals that the best time to buy anything is last year. -- Marty Allen
Doing econometrics is like trying to learn the laws of electricity by playing the radio. -- Guy Orcutt
The First Law of Economists: For every economist, there exists an equal and opposite economist; The Second Law of Economists: They’re both wrong. -- David Wildasin
An economist is someone who, when he finds something that works in practice, tries to make it work in theory. -- Unknown
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn’t happen today. -- Laurence J. Peter
Economics is the only field in which two people can get a Nobel Prize for saying exactly the opposite thing. -- Unknown
Q: Why did God create economists ? A: In order to make weather forecasters look good.
Q: Why has astrology been invented? A: So that economy could be an accurate science.
When goods don’t cross borders, soldiers will. -- Fredric Bastiat, early French economist
The only thing worse than being exploited by capitalism is not being exploited by capitalism. -- Joan Violet Robinson
The real minimum wage is zero: unemployment. -- Thomas Sowell
Talk is cheap. Supply exceeds Demand. -- Unknown
It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends on his not understanding it. -- Upton Sinclair
When you start paying people to be poor, you wind up with an awful lot of poor people. -- Milton Friedman
of course the country could never listen to this guy….it just makes too much damn sense. -- ryanx0 about Milton Friedman
An Eye for an Eye will make the whole world blind. -- Gandhi
Only the dead have seen the end of war. -- Plato
I can imagine a planet where everyone lives in peace and there are no weapons, and then I imagine the looks on their faces as we invade their puny planet -- Unknown
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -- Richard Feynman, Caltech commencement address, 1974
HOMEOPATHY: turning water into money since 1810 -- Dr Aust
An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field. -- Niels Bohr
Once you get a B.S., you think you know everything. Once you get an M.S., you realize you know nothing. Once you get a Ph.D., you realize no one knows anything! -— Unknown
You can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world, but when you’re finished, you’ll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird… So let’s look at the bird and see what it’s doing – that’s what counts. I learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something. -- Richard Feynman
Copying an idea from an author is plagiarism. Copying many ideas from many authors is… research!! -- Phelson’s Law
Mathematics has no symbols for confused ideas. -- George Stigler
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn’t be called research, would it? -- Albert Einstein
All models are wrong, but some are useful. -- George Box
There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. -- C.A.R. Hoare, The 1980 ACM Turing Award Lecture
The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren’t there. -- Gordon Bell
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code. -- Ken Thompson
When in doubt, use brute force. -- Ken Thompson
Deleted code is debugged code. -- Jeff Sickel
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it. -- Brian W. Kernighan and P. J. Plauger in The Elements of Programming Style.
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements. -- Brian W. Kernighan, in the paper Unix for Beginners (1979)
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. -- Brian W. Kernighan
UNIX was not designed to stop its users from doing stupid things, as that would also stop them from doing clever things. -- Doug Gwyn
A program that produces incorrect results twice as fast is infinitely slower. -- John Osterhout
XML is like violence: if it doesn’t solve your problem, you aren’t using enough of it. -- Heard from someone working at Microsoft
XML is like violence. Sure, it seems like a quick and easy solution at first, but then it spirals out of control into utter chaos. -- Sarkos in reddit
Ethernet always wins. -- Andy Bechtolsheim
The central enemy of reliability is complexity. -- Geer et al.
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability. -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
Programming graphics in X is like finding the square root of PI using Roman numerals. -- Henry Spencer
Unix is simple. It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity. -- Dennis Ritchie
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. -- Bill Gates
The object-oriented model makes it easy to build up programs by accretion. What this often means, in practice, is that it provides a structured way to write spaghetti code. -- Paul Graham
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. -- John Johnson
A language that doesn’t have everything is actually easier to program in than some that do. -- Dennis M. Ritchie
You can’t trust code that you did not totally create yourself. -— Ken Thompson
Object-oriented design is the roman numerals of computing. -— Rob Pike
Not only is UNIX dead, it’s starting to smell really bad. -— Rob Pike circa 1991
cat came back from Berkeley waving flags -- Rob Pike
I recommend the linux people to call it “GNU / Linux” instead of “GNU/Linux”. never hurts to distance yourself from GNU. -- mjl on #plan9-social
Unix has retarded OS research by 10 years and linux has retarded it by 20. -- Dennis Ritchie as quoted by by Boyd Roberts in 9fans.
Nobody who uses XML knows what they are doing. -- Chris Wenham
Debugging time increases as a square of the program’s size. -- Chris Wenham
Code never lies, comments sometimes do. -- Ron Jeffries
If we’d asked the customers what they wanted, they would have said “faster horses” -— Henry Ford
Software is like entropy. It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the second law of thermodynamics; i.e. it always increases. -- Unknown
A fool with a tool is a more dangerous fool. — u.
The best things are simple, but finding these simple things is not simple. -- bill
Software obeys the law of gaseous expansion - it continues to grow until memory is completely filled. -- Larry Gleason
If you want a product with certain characteristics, you must ensure that the team has those characteristics before the product’s development. -- Jim McCarthy and Michele McCarthy - Software for your Head
Incorrect documentation is often worse than no documentation. -— Bertrand Meyer
The society that puts equality before freedom will end up with neither. The society that puts freedom before equality will end up with a great measure of both. -- Milton Friedman
Sisyphus only get the rock rolling job after the gods showed mercy, he was originally sentenced to an eternity of political debates. -- aiju
To be free is nothing, to become free is everything. -- Hegel
Never let your schooling interfere with your education. -- Mark Twain
The great thing is that school encourages ‘knowledge bulimia’, learn it for the test, forget it after. -— aiju
First, God created idiots. That was just for practice. Then He created school boards. -— Mark Twain